#수도
capital = 543

#부대
set_oob = "AIC_ar"
add_command_power = 5
set_fuel_ratio = 0.2

#시작 기술
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선
set_convoys = 10

#국민정신
add_ideas = agrarian_society

#외교

#정치상황
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.1

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritariandemocracy
	last_election = "1935.6.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 1
	liberalism_mod = 1
	progressivism = 0
	socialdemocracy = 1
	socialism = 0
	communism = 0
	authoritariancommunism = 3
	anarchosyndicalism = 0
	fascism = 2
	militarytotalism = 1
	authoritariandemocracy = 90
	autocracy = 1
}

#의회

#캐릭터
recruit_character = AIC_aido_seiya
recruit_character = AIC_minato_kanata
recruit_character = AIC_mitsurugi_akira
recruit_character = AIC_kururugi_satsuki
recruit_character = AIC_kururugi_mutsuki
recruit_character = AIC_noa
recruit_character = AIC_leon
recruit_character = AIC_li_chaoyang
recruit_character = AIC_rabi
recruit_character = AIC_lucas
recruit_character = AIC_kusakabe_torahiko
recruit_character = AIC_momoi_kyosuke
recruit_character = AIC_tobikura_akio
recruit_character = AIC_amabe_shiki
recruit_character = AIC_orihara_hikaru
recruit_character = AIC_wakaouji_raku
recruit_character = AIC_hanabusa_kokoro
recruit_character = AIC_kagurazaka_runa
recruit_character = AIC_oikawa_momosuke
recruit_character = AIC_todoroki_issei
recruit_character = AIC_akabane_futami
recruit_character = AIC_sanzenin_takamichi
recruit_character = AIC_eva_armstrong
recruit_character = AIC_yamanobe_mio
recruit_character = AIC_jumonji_ban
recruit_character = AIC_rindo_tsubaki
recruit_character = AIC_honoki_toya
recruit_character = AIC_madarao_tatsumi
recruit_character = AIC_kakitsubata_aoi
recruit_character = AIC_yakaku_kuro
recruit_character = AIC_baber
recruit_character = AIC_uruha_saku
recruit_character = AIC_kizaki_rintaro
recruit_character = AIC_kisaragi_mashiro
recruit_character = AIC_hayami_go
recruit_character = AIC_utakata_airu
recruit_character = AIC_takara_onimaru
recruit_character = AIC_arayashiki_junta
recruit_character = AIC_christopher
recruit_character = AIC_munakata_atsushi
recruit_character = AIC_uj
recruit_character = AIC_kumakocho
recruit_character = AIC_producer

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}