#수도
capital = 307 #카라카스

#부대
set_oob = "HLL_ar"
starting_train_buffer = 3
add_command_power = 15
set_fuel_ratio = 0.6

#시작 기술
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_BBA = yes }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선
set_convoys = 10

#국민 정신

#외교

#정치 상황
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = militarytotalism
	last_election = "1934.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 1
	liberalism_mod = 1
	progressivism = 0
	socialdemocracy = 1
	socialism = 1
	communism = 1
	authoritariancommunism = 1
	anarchosyndicalism = 1
	fascism = 1
	militarytotalism = 74
	authoritariandemocracy = 16 
	autocracy = 2
}

#의회

#캐릭터
recruit_character = HLL_yagoo
recruit_character = HLL_tokino_sora
recruit_character = HLL_robocco_san
recruit_character = HLL_azki
recruit_character = HLL_sakura_miko
recruit_character = HLL_hoshimachi_suisei
recruit_character = HLL_yozora_mel
recruit_character = HLL_aki_rosenthal
recruit_character = HLL_akai_haato
recruit_character = HLL_shirakami_fubuki
recruit_character = HLL_natsuiro_matsuri
recruit_character = HLL_hitomi_chris
recruit_character = HLL_minato_aqua
recruit_character = HLL_murasaki_shion
recruit_character = HLL_nakiri_ayame
recruit_character = HLL_yuzuki_choco
recruit_character = HLL_oozora_subaru
recruit_character = HLL_ookami_mio
recruit_character = HLL_nekomata_okayu
recruit_character = HLL_inugami_korone
recruit_character = HLL_usada_pekora
recruit_character = HLL_shiranui_flare
recruit_character = HLL_shirogane_noel
recruit_character = HLL_houshou_marine
recruit_character = HLL_uruha_rushia
recruit_character = HLL_amane_kanata
recruit_character = HLL_tsunomaki_watame
recruit_character = HLL_tokoyami_towa
recruit_character = HLL_himemori_luna
recruit_character = HLL_kiryu_coco
recruit_character = HLL_yukihana_lamy
recruit_character = HLL_momosuzu_nene
recruit_character = HLL_shishiro_botan
recruit_character = HLL_omaru_polka
recruit_character = HLL_mano_aloe
recruit_character = HLL_laplace_darkness
recruit_character = HLL_takane_lui
recruit_character = HLL_hakui_koyori
recruit_character = HLL_sakamata_chloe
recruit_character = HLL_kazama_iroha
recruit_character = HLL_ayunda_risu
recruit_character = HLL_moona_hoshinova
recruit_character = HLL_airani_iofifteen
recruit_character = HLL_kureiji_ollie
recruit_character = HLL_anya_melfissa
recruit_character = HLL_pavolia_reine
recruit_character = HLL_vestia_zeta
recruit_character = HLL_kaela_kovalskia
recruit_character = HLL_kobo_kanaeru
recruit_character = HLL_mori_calliope
recruit_character = HLL_takanashi_kiara
recruit_character = HLL_ninomae_inanis
recruit_character = HLL_gawr_gura
recruit_character = HLL_watson_amelia
recruit_character = HLL_irys
recruit_character = HLL_ceres_fauna
recruit_character = HLL_ouro_kronii
recruit_character = HLL_nanashi_mumei
recruit_character = HLL_hakos_baelz
recruit_character = HLL_tsukumo_sana
recruit_character = HLL_shiori_novella
recruit_character = HLL_koseki_bijou
recruit_character = HLL_nerissa_ravencroft
recruit_character = HLL_fuwawa_abyssgard
recruit_character = HLL_mococo_abyssgard
recruit_character = HLL_hiodoshi_ao
recruit_character = HLL_otonose_kanade
recruit_character = HLL_ichijou_ririka
recruit_character = HLL_juufuutei_raden
recruit_character = HLL_todoroki_hajime
recruit_character = HLL_friend_a
recruit_character = HLL_harusaki_nodoka

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}