#수도
capital = 9 #프라하

#부대
set_oob = "PRK_ar"
starting_train_buffer = 3
add_command_power = 15
set_fuel_ratio = 0.3

#시작 기술
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_NSB = yes }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
			improved_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_BBA = yes }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선

#국민 정신
add_ideas = direct_election
add_ideas = single_parliament

#외교
give_guarantee = UMA
give_guarantee = AIK
give_guarantee = PRP

#정치 상황
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.05
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservatism
	last_election = "1935.5.19"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 48
	liberalism_mod = 7
	progressivism = 0
	socialdemocracy = 2
	socialism = 2
	communism = 1
	authoritariancommunism = 14
	anarchosyndicalism = 2
	fascism = 12
	militarytotalism = 1
	authoritariandemocracy = 10
	autocracy = 1
}

#의회

#캐릭터 
recruit_character = PRK_pecorine
recruit_character = PRK_kokkoro
recruit_character = PRK_karyl
recruit_character = PRK_sheffy
recruit_character = PRK_hiyori
recruit_character = PRK_yui
recruit_character = PRK_rei
recruit_character = PRK_labyrista
recruit_character = PRK_shizuru
recruit_character = PRK_rino
recruit_character = PRK_nozomi
recruit_character = PRK_chika
recruit_character = PRK_tsumugi
recruit_character = PRK_mimi
recruit_character = PRK_misogi
recruit_character = PRK_kyouka
recruit_character = PRK_misato
recruit_character = PRK_aoi
recruit_character = PRK_hatsune
recruit_character = PRK_ilya
recruit_character = PRK_yori
recruit_character = PRK_akari
recruit_character = PRK_shinobu
recruit_character = PRK_miyako
recruit_character = PRK_jun
recruit_character = PRK_christina
recruit_character = PRK_tomo
recruit_character = PRK_matsuri
recruit_character = PRK_saren
recruit_character = PRK_suzume
recruit_character = PRK_ayane
recruit_character = PRK_kurumi
recruit_character = PRK_maho
recruit_character = PRK_makoto
recruit_character = PRK_kaori
recruit_character = PRK_kasumi
recruit_character = PRK_mahiru
recruit_character = PRK_rima
recruit_character = PRK_shiori
recruit_character = PRK_rin
recruit_character = PRK_akino
recruit_character = PRK_mifuyu
recruit_character = PRK_yukari
recruit_character = PRK_tamaki
recruit_character = PRK_ruka
recruit_character = PRK_mitsuki
recruit_character = PRK_eriko
recruit_character = PRK_nanaka
recruit_character = PRK_anna
recruit_character = PRK_io
recruit_character = PRK_misaki
recruit_character = PRK_suzuna
recruit_character = PRK_monika
recruit_character = PRK_yuki
recruit_character = PRK_ninon
recruit_character = PRK_kuuka
recruit_character = PRK_ayumi
recruit_character = PRK_yuni
recruit_character = PRK_chieru
recruit_character = PRK_chloe
recruit_character = PRK_homare
recruit_character = PRK_kaya
recruit_character = PRK_inori
recruit_character = PRK_creditta
recruit_character = PRK_karin
recruit_character = PRK_misora
recruit_character = PRK_zane
recruit_character = PRK_azold
recruit_character = PRK_ranpha
recruit_character = PRK_kariza
recruit_character = PRK_nea
recruit_character = PRK_lily
recruit_character = PRK_clear
recruit_character = PRK_precia
recruit_character = PRK_yamato
recruit_character = PRK_wakana
recruit_character = PRK_fubuki
recruit_character = PRK_lyrael
recruit_character = PRK_croce
recruit_character = PRK_kururu
recruit_character = PRK_nephi_nera
recruit_character = PRK_anemone
recruit_character = PRK_muimi
recruit_character = PRK_neneka
recruit_character = PRK_ameth
recruit_character = PRK_kaiser_insight
recruit_character = PRK_eris
recruit_character = PRK_nebbia
recruit_character = PRK_octo
recruit_character = PRK_masaki
recruit_character = PRK_rajraj
recruit_character = PRK_daigo
recruit_character = PRK_yuuki

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}
