#수도
capital = 219

#부대
set_oob = "TOH_ar"
starting_train_buffer = 3.0
add_command_power = 20
set_fuel_ratio = 0.7

#시작 기술
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = { 
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_MtG = yes }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			basic_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			early_battlecruiser = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_LaR = yes }
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_NSB = yes }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_BBA = yes }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			basic_large_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선
set_convoys = 50

#국민 정신

#외교
create_faction = touhoumintern
add_to_faction = TOH

if = {
	limit = { has_TfV = yes }
	add_to_tech_sharing_group = Touhou_comin_research
}

#정치 상황
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.3
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritariancommunism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 10
	fascism = 2
	authoritariancommunism = 88
}
ban_authoritariandemocracy_effect = yes
ban_autocracy_effect = yes
ban_fascism_effect = yes
ban_democratic_effect = yes

#의회

#캐릭터
recruit_character = TOH_hakurei_reimu
recruit_character = TOH_kirisame_marisa
recruit_character = TOH_rumia
recruit_character = TOH_daiyousei
recruit_character = TOH_cirno
recruit_character = TOH_hong_meiling
recruit_character = TOH_koakuma
recruit_character = TOH_patchouli_knowledge
recruit_character = TOH_izayoi_sakuya
recruit_character = TOH_remilia_scarlet
recruit_character = TOH_flandre_scarlet
recruit_character = TOH_letty_whiterock
recruit_character = TOH_chen
recruit_character = TOH_alice_margatroid
recruit_character = TOH_lily_white
recruit_character = TOH_lunasa_prismriver
recruit_character = TOH_merlin_prismriver
recruit_character = TOH_lyrica_prismriver
recruit_character = TOH_konpaku_youmu
recruit_character = TOH_saigyouji_yuyuko
recruit_character = TOH_yakumo_ran
recruit_character = TOH_yakumo_yukari
recruit_character = TOH_ibuki_suika
recruit_character = TOH_wiggle_nightbug
recruit_character = TOH_mystia_lorelei
recruit_character = TOH_kamishirasawa_keine
recruit_character = TOH_inaba_tewi
recruit_character = TOH_reisen_udongein_inaba
recruit_character = TOH_yagokoro_eirin
recruit_character = TOH_horaisan_kaguya
recruit_character = TOH_fujiwarano_mokou
recruit_character = TOH_medicine_melancholy
recruit_character = TOH_kazami_yuka
recruit_character = TOH_onozuka_komachi
recruit_character = TOH_shikieiki_yamazanadu
recruit_character = TOH_aki_shizuha
recruit_character = TOH_aki_minoriko
recruit_character = TOH_kagiyama_hina
recruit_character = TOH_kawashiro_nitori
recruit_character = TOH_inubashiri_momiji
recruit_character = TOH_shameimaru_aya
recruit_character = TOH_kochiya_sanae
recruit_character = TOH_yasaka_kanako
recruit_character = TOH_moriya_suwako
recruit_character = TOH_nagae_iku
recruit_character = TOH_hinanawi_tenshi
recruit_character = TOH_kisume
recruit_character = TOH_kurodani_yamame
recruit_character = TOH_mizuhashi_parsee
recruit_character = TOH_hoshiguma_yugi
recruit_character = TOH_komeiji_satori
recruit_character = TOH_kaenbyo_rin
recruit_character = TOH_reiuji_utsuho
recruit_character = TOH_komeiji_koishi
recruit_character = TOH_nazrin
recruit_character = TOH_tatara_kogasa
recruit_character = TOH_kumoi_ichirin
recruit_character = TOH_murasa_minamatsu
recruit_character = TOH_toramaru_shou
recruit_character = TOH_hijiri_byakuren
recruit_character = TOH_houjuu_nue
recruit_character = TOH_himekaidou_hatate
recruit_character = TOH_luna_child
recruit_character = TOH_sunny_milk
recruit_character = TOH_star_saphire
recruit_character = TOH_kasodani_kyouko
recruit_character = TOH_miyako_yoshika
recruit_character = TOH_kaku_seiga
recruit_character = TOH_sogano_tojiko
recruit_character = TOH_mononobeno_futo
recruit_character = TOH_toyosatomimino_miko
recruit_character = TOH_futatsuiwa_mamizo
recruit_character = TOH_hatano_kokoro
recruit_character = TOH_wakasagihime
recruit_character = TOH_sekibaki
recruit_character = TOH_imaizumi_kakero
recruit_character = TOH_tsukumo_yatsuhashi
recruit_character = TOH_tsukumo_benben
recruit_character = TOH_kijin_seija
recruit_character = TOH_sukuna_shinmyoumaru
recruit_character = TOH_horikawa_raiko
recruit_character = TOH_ibaraki_kasen
recruit_character = TOH_usami_sumireko
recruit_character = TOH_seiran
recruit_character = TOH_ringo
recruit_character = TOH_doremi_sweet
recruit_character = TOH_kishin_sagume
recruit_character = TOH_clownpiece
recruit_character = TOH_junko
recruit_character = TOH_hecatia_lapislazuli
recruit_character = TOH_yorigami_jyoon
recruit_character = TOH_yorigami_shion
recruit_character = TOH_etrenity_larva
recruit_character = TOH_sakata_nemuno
recruit_character = TOH_komano_aun
recruit_character = TOH_teireida_mai
recruit_character = TOH_yatadera_narumi
recruit_character = TOH_nishida_satono
recruit_character = TOH_matara_okina
recruit_character = TOH_ebisu_eika
recruit_character = TOH_ushizaki_urumi
recruit_character = TOH_niwatari_kutaka
recruit_character = TOH_kitcho_yachie
recruit_character = TOH_joutougu_mayumi
recruit_character = TOH_haniyasushin_keiki
recruit_character = TOH_kurokoma_saki
recruit_character = TOH_toutetsu_yuma
recruit_character = TOH_gotokuji_mike
recruit_character = TOH_yamashiro_takane
recruit_character = TOH_komakusa_sannyo
recruit_character = TOH_tamatsukuri_misumaru
recruit_character = TOH_kudamaki_tsukasa
recruit_character = TOH_izunamaru_megumu
recruit_character = TOH_tenkyu_chimata
recruit_character = TOH_himemushi_momoyo
recruit_character = TOH_son_biten
recruit_character = TOH_mitsugashira_enoko
recruit_character = TOH_tengajin_chiyari
recruit_character = TOH_yomotsu_hisami
recruit_character = TOH_nippaku_zanmu
recruit_character = TOH_okunoda_miyoi
recruit_character = TOH_usami_renko
recruit_character = TOH_maeriberie_hearn
recruit_character = TOH_hiedano_akyuu
recruit_character = TOH_watatsukino_yorihime
recruit_character = TOH_watatsukino_toyohime
recruit_character = TOH_morichika_rinnosuke
recruit_character = TOH_motoori_kosuzu

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}