#수도
capital = 554

#부대
set_oob = "TSS_ar"
starting_train_buffer = 2
add_command_power = 10
set_fuel_ratio = 0.2

#시작 기술
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_NSB = yes }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = { 
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선
set_convoys = 5

#국민 정신
add_ideas = direct_election
add_ideas = single_parliament

add_ideas = agrarian_society

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = TSS_industry }
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = TSS_army }
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = TSS_navy }
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = TSS_air_force }

#외교

#정치 상황
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservatism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 38
	liberalism_mod = 8
	progressivism = 0
	socialdemocracy = 4
	socialism = 0
	communism = 0
	authoritariancommunism = 10
	anarchosyndicalism = 0
	fascism = 8
	militarytotalism = 2
	authoritariandemocracy = 30
	autocracy = 0
}

#의회

#캐릭터 
recruit_character = TSS_kasukabe_haru
recruit_character = TSS_tendoji_musubi
recruit_character = TSS_tsunomori_rona
recruit_character = TSS_nonohara_hime
recruit_character = TSS_serizawa_momoka
recruit_character = TSS_usuta_sumire
recruit_character = TSS_kamishiro_sui
recruit_character = TSS_kuonji_shizuka
recruit_character = TSS_alessandra_susu
recruit_character = TSS_harumi_sawara
recruit_character = TSS_harumi_kajika
recruit_character = TSS_harumi_shinjyu
recruit_character = TSS_kawasumi_sisala
recruit_character = TSS_uesugi_u_kyoko
recruit_character = TSS_futagawa_mimi
recruit_character = TSS_seto_ferb
recruit_character = TSS_katsuragi_kasumi
recruit_character = TSS_araki_rena
recruit_character = TSS_nishizono_honoka
recruit_character = TSS_tamasaka_makoto
recruit_character = TSS_enami_madoka
recruit_character = TSS_maezono_risyuri
recruit_character = TSS_sakaiya_yumeno
recruit_character = TSS_tasha_romanovsky
recruit_character = TSS_jedah_diamond
recruit_character = TSS_yamai_sawori
recruit_character = TSS_kumomaki_monaka
recruit_character = TSS_yukuhashi_ei
recruit_character = TSS_mimori_matsuri
recruit_character = TSS_shiratori_tomoe
recruit_character = TSS_aihara_miu
recruit_character = TSS_xiao_fei_hung
recruit_character = TSS_hoshigaki_manon
recruit_character = TSS_ootori_chacha
recruit_character = TSS_echizen_murasaki
recruit_character = TSS_azami_miwako
recruit_character = TSS_orikasa_ayumu
recruit_character = TSS_arisa_shirayuki
recruit_character = TSS_saeki_hina
recruit_character = TSS_wanibuchi_emoko
recruit_character = TSS_kujyo_yume
recruit_character = TSS_karakuri_hitoha
recruit_character = TSS_karakuri_futaba
recruit_character = TSS_amagami_nero
recruit_character = TSS_higa_aguri
recruit_character = TSS_shima_sabina
recruit_character = TSS_shishigome_oto
recruit_character = TSS_hourai_taki
recruit_character = TSS_tezuka_seneka
recruit_character = TSS_hoshigaki_manon
recruit_character = TSS_hoshikage_ai
recruit_character = TSS_tsukishiro_yu
recruit_character = TSS_nanahoshi_ai
recruit_character = TSS_ichinose_mai
recruit_character = TSS_asanagi_shione
recruit_character = TSS_tan_si_young
recruit_character = TSS_flana_ling
recruit_character = TSS_koibuchi_karen
recruit_character = TSS_ichinose_miori
recruit_character = TSS_alina_laisto
recruit_character = TSS_nanasaki_nicole
recruit_character = TSS_hanyuda_mito
recruit_character = TSS_misonoo_mana
recruit_character = TSS_kotobuki_qruit
recruit_character = TSS_wakaoji_rui
recruit_character = TSS_memoru_yusa

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}
