#수도
capital = 10 #바르샤바

#부대
set_oob = "UMA_ar"
starting_train_buffer = 3
add_command_power = 15
set_fuel_ratio = 0.4

#시작 기술
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_MtG = yes }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_submarine = 1	
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_NSB = yes }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_BBA = yes }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

#인트로
set_variable = { country_intro_page_count = 2 }

#수송선
set_convoys = 10

#국민 정신

#외교

#정치 상황
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.1
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritariandemocracy
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 3
	liberalism_mod = 21
	progressivism = 0
	socialdemocracy = 8
	socialism = 8
	communism = 0
	authoritariancommunism = 11
	anarchosyndicalism = 0
	fascism = 9
	militarytotalism = 2
	authoritariandemocracy = 34
	autocracy = 4
}

#의회

#캐릭터
recruit_character = UMA_special_week
recruit_character = UMA_silence_suzuka
recruit_character = UMA_tokai_teio
recruit_character = UMA_maruzensky
recruit_character = UMA_fuji_kiseki
recruit_character = UMA_oguri_cap
recruit_character = UMA_gold_ship
recruit_character = UMA_vodka
recruit_character = UMA_daiwa_scarlet
recruit_character = UMA_taiki_shuttle
recruit_character = UMA_grass_wonder
recruit_character = UMA_hishi_amazon
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_mcqueen
recruit_character = UMA_el_condor_pasa
recruit_character = UMA_t_m_opera_o
recruit_character = UMA_narita_brian
recruit_character = UMA_symboli_rudolf
recruit_character = UMA_air_groove
recruit_character = UMA_agnes_digital
recruit_character = UMA_seiun_sky
recruit_character = UMA_tamamo_cross
recruit_character = UMA_fine_motion
recruit_character = UMA_biwa_hayahide
recruit_character = UMA_mayano_top_gun
recruit_character = UMA_manhattan_cafe
recruit_character = UMA_mihono_bourbon
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_ryan
recruit_character = UMA_hishi_akebono
recruit_character = UMA_yukino_bijin
recruit_character = UMA_rice_shower
recruit_character = UMA_ines_fujin
recruit_character = UMA_agnes_tachyon
recruit_character = UMA_admire_vega
recruit_character = UMA_inari_one
recruit_character = UMA_winning_ticket
recruit_character = UMA_air_shakur
recruit_character = UMA_eishin_flash
recruit_character = UMA_curren_chan
recruit_character = UMA_kawakami_princess
recruit_character = UMA_gold_city
recruit_character = UMA_sakura_bakushin_o
recruit_character = UMA_seeking_the_pearl
recruit_character = UMA_shinko_windy
recruit_character = UMA_sweep_tosho
recruit_character = UMA_super_creek
recruit_character = UMA_smart_falcon
recruit_character = UMA_zenno_rob_roy
recruit_character = UMA_tosen_jordan
recruit_character = UMA_nakayama_festa
recruit_character = UMA_narita_taishin
recruit_character = UMA_nishino_flower
recruit_character = UMA_haru_urara
recruit_character = UMA_bamboo_memory
recruit_character = UMA_biko_pegasus
recruit_character = UMA_marvelous_sunday
recruit_character = UMA_makitanefukukitaru
recruit_character = UMA_mr_c_b
recruit_character = UMA_meisho_doto
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_dober
recruit_character = UMA_nice_nature
recruit_character = UMA_king_halo
recruit_character = UMA_matikane_tannhauser
recruit_character = UMA_ikuno_dictus
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_palmer
recruit_character = UMA_daitaku_helios
recruit_character = UMA_twin_turbo
recruit_character = UMA_satono_diamond
recruit_character = UMA_kitasan_black
recruit_character = UMA_sakura_chiyono_o
recruit_character = UMA_sirius_symboli
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_ardan
recruit_character = UMA_yaeno_muteki
recruit_character = UMA_tsurumaru_tsuyoshi
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_bright
recruit_character = UMA_daring_tact
recruit_character = UMA_sakura_laurel
recruit_character = UMA_narita_top_road
recruit_character = UMA_yamanin_zephyr
recruit_character = UMA_furioso
recruit_character = UMA_transcend
recruit_character = UMA_espoir_city
recruit_character = UMA_north_flight
recruit_character = UMA_symboli_kris_s
recruit_character = UMA_tanino_gimlet
recruit_character = UMA_daiichi_ruby
recruit_character = UMA_mejiro_ramonu
recruit_character = UMA_aston_machan
recruit_character = UMA_satono_crown
recruit_character = UMA_cheval_grand
recruit_character = UMA_verxina
recruit_character = UMA_vivlos
recruit_character = UMA_dantsu_flame
recruit_character = UMA_k_s_miracle
recruit_character = UMA_jungle_pocket
recruit_character = UMA_no_reason
recruit_character = UMA_still_in_love
recruit_character = UMA_copano_rickey
recruit_character = UMA_hokko_tarumae
recruit_character = UMA_wonder_acute
recruit_character = UMA_samson_big
recruit_character = UMA_sounds_of_earth
recruit_character = UMA_royce_and_royce
recruit_character = UMA_katsuragi_ace
recruit_character = UMA_neo_universe
recruit_character = UMA_hishi_miracle
recruit_character = UMA_tap_dance_city
recruit_character = UMA_duramente
recruit_character = UMA_rhein_kraft
recruit_character = UMA_cesario
recruit_character = UMA_air_messiah
recruit_character = UMA_daring_heart
recruit_character = UMA_orfevre
recruit_character = UMA_gentildonna
recruit_character = UMA_win_variation
recruit_character = UMA_happy_meek
recruit_character = UMA_bitter_glasse
recruit_character = UMA_little_cocon
recruit_character = UMA_montjue
recruit_character = UMA_venus_paques
recruit_character = UMA_rigantona
recruit_character = UMA_sonon_elfie
recruit_character = UMA_hayakawa_tazuna
recruit_character = UMA_akikawa_yayoi
recruit_character = UMA_otonashi_etsuko
recruit_character = UMA_kiryuin_aoi
recruit_character = UMA_anshimzawa_sasami
recruit_character = UMA_kashimoto_riko
recruit_character = UMA_light_hello
recruit_character = UMA_darley_arabian
recruit_character = UMA_godolphin_barb
recruit_character = UMA_byerley_turk
recruit_character = UMA_satake_mei
recruit_character = UMA_tsurugi_ryoka
recruit_character = UMA_akasaka_misato
recruit_character = UMA_hosoe_junko
recruit_character = UMA_spica_trainer
recruit_character = UMA_tojo_hana

#장관진

#무기 프리셋
#create_equipment_variant = {
#	name = ""
#	type = amphibious_tank_equipment_2
#}
